What are delete rules in Core data?

A relationship’s delete rule specifies what should happen if an attempt is made to delete the source object.

Deny: If there is at least one object at the relationship destination (employees), do not delete the source object (department). For example, if you want to remove a department, you must ensure that all the employees in that department are first transferred elsewhere; otherwise, the department cannot be deleted.

Nullify: Remove the relationship between the objects, but do not delete either object. This only makes sense if the department relationship for an employee is optional, or if you ensure that you set a new department for each of the employees before the next save operation.

Cascade: Delete the objects at the destination of the relationship when you delete the source. For example, if you delete a department, fire all the employees in that department at the same time.

No Action: Do nothing to the object at the destination of the relationship. For example, if you delete a department, leave all the employees as they are, even if they still believe they belong to that department.




Правило удаления отношения определяет, что должно произойти, если будет предпринята попытка удалить исходный объект.

Запретить: Если в пункте назначения связи есть хотя бы один объект (сотрудники), не удаляйте исходный объект (отдел). Например, если вы хотите удалить отдел, вы должны убедиться, что все сотрудники этого отдела сначала переведены в другое место; в противном случае отдел не может быть удален.

Аннулировать: удалите связь между объектами, но не удаляйте ни один из объектов. Это имеет смысл только в том случае, если связь с отделом для сотрудника необязательна или если вы убедитесь, что установили новый отдел для каждого из сотрудников перед следующей операцией сохранения.

Каскад: Удаление объектов в месте назначения связи при удалении источника. Например, если вы удаляете отдел, уволите всех сотрудников этого отдела одновременно.

Никаких действий: ничего не делайте с объектом в пункте назначения связи. Например, если вы удаляете отдел, оставьте всех сотрудников такими, какие они есть, даже если они все еще считают, что принадлежат к этому отделу.

